searching for for
for memories memories
memories throughout throughout
throughout our our
our journeys journeys
journeys that yet
that make make
make us life
life a a
a way way
little more more
more like feathery
feathery reaching reaching
reaching out out
out to to
to keep keep
others throughout throughout
throughout our our
our journeys journeys
journeys that and
and feeling feeling
feeling more low
more like like
like brothers brothers
brothers knowing knowing
knowing that that
that all all
all things things
things come come
come to to
to make see
an entire entire
end throughout throughout
throughout our our
our journeys journeys
journeys yet throughout
yet finding finding
finding new new
new ways ways
ways to to
to see see
make life a
a way little
friend a a
a way way
helping hand hand
hand when when
when youre youre
youre feeling feeling
feeling more more
low compelling compelling
compelling enough enough
enough to to
to make see
make life a
us glow feel
glow throughout throughout
throughout our our
our journeys journeys
journeys that that
throughout our our
our journeys journeys
journeys and throughout
advice hastily hastily
hastily but but
but honestly only
honestly given given
given finds finds
finds a a
a little way
way to to
to keep others
keep us us
us driven glow
driven an an
an end entire
entire world world
world to to
to others keep
see but but
but only honestly
only choosing choosing
choosing what what
what makes makes
makes us us
us glow driven
feel free free
free throughout throughout
throughout our our
our journeys journeys
journeys yet advice

{a=[little, friend, helping, way]
 advice=[hastily]
 all=[things]
 an=[end, entire]
 and=[feeling]
 brothers=[knowing]
 but=[honestly, only]
 choosing=[what]
 come=[to]
 compelling=[enough]
 driven=[an]
 end=[throughout]
 enough=[to]
 entire=[world]
 feathery=[reaching]
 feel=[free]
 feeling=[more, low]
 finding=[new]
 finds=[a]
 for=[memories]
 free=[throughout]
 friend=[a]
 given=[finds]
 glow=[throughout]
 hand=[when]
 hastily=[but]
 helping=[hand]
 honestly=[given]
 journeys=[that, and, yet, throughout, advice]
 keep=[us]
 knowing=[that]
 life=[a]
 like=[brothers]
 little=[more]
 low=[compelling]
 make=[life, a, us]
 makes=[us]
 memories=[throughout]
 more=[feathery, like]
 new=[ways]
 only=[choosing]
 others=[throughout]
 our=[journeys, journeys, journeys, journeys, journeys, journeys]
 out=[to]
 reaching=[out]
 searching=[for]
 see=[but]
 that=[make, all]
 things=[come]
 throughout=[our, our, our, our, our, our]
 to=[others, an, make, make, keep, see]
 us=[glow, driven, feel]
 way=[to]
 ways=[to]
 what=[makes]
 when=[youre]
 world=[to]
 yet=[finding]
 youre=[feeling]}
